Let's load up the old hay
truck and drive to town today.
All the farmers,
all the farmers took another load away.
Hey, hey, farmer Gray took another load away.
I got married and the law
passed but quite a few.
Told your wife refused to let
her mother live with you.
I have a dandeland Lord
now how he makes me laugh.
He walked in today he said
and cut my rent in half.
All the farmers,
all the farmers took another load away.
Hey, hey, farmer Gray took another load away.
Robert broke into our
house but they left again.
Calls the clock at just a
five and they were union men.
I rode on a street car once holding on a scrap.
When a girl said if you're
tired please sit on my lap.
I don't need a five to set standing in my home.
Your wife gives you Halifax
without a two bay toll.
All the farmers,
all the farmers took another load away.
Hey, hey, farmer Gray took another load away.
How do you do everybody?
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, no, no, no, no.
I'll tell them in the high voice.
This is Billy Jones and Ernest Hare.
Bill, Bill, Bill,
don't forget yourself will you?
Pull yourself together and stop wondering.
Excuse me.
All right, go ahead. Lay on Dave, lay on.
Mary had a little lamb but she still did dead.
Now she takes the lamb to school
between two hunks of bread.
Talk about your honest men. I am taking facts.
You paid five years in
advance on your income tax.
Moonshine all around the town,
sunshine's all ahead.
But it's just the sunshine folks
that makes his nose so red.
I just bought a suit of
clothes from Levi and Bloom.
And now you can't sit down because
there's only standing room.
All the farmers,
all the farmers took another load away.
Hey, hey, farmer, great, another load away.
[...] the old days, all the old days.
All the old days, all the old days.
One girl changes gowns each day,
twenty times I'm told.
But that gal you talk about
is only three months old.
I was scared to death last night when
a great big pup, he grabbed you by the
throat and said, Give me your powder, pup.
Doctor Smith fell in a well
but he might have known.
Doctor should attend the sink
and leave the well alone.
I think that we've sung
enough of this little song.
I do too,
let's sing the chorus and we'll run along.
All the farmers,
all the farmers took another load away.
Hey, hey, farmer, great, another load away.
Hey, hey.